Chapter 23.txt
Section 1
1.)
Cesar Chavez: leader who believed strongly in unions for improved conditions/treatment
United Farm Workers Organizing Committe: UFWOC, Chavez merged with a Filipino agricultural union
La Raza Unida: the United People Party, latino political movement
American Indian Movement: an often militant Native American rights group

2.)
Latinos:
	Mistreatment
	Bad conditions
	Farmwork, poorly paid labor
	Lack of culture
	Lack of political representation
Similarities:
	Poverty
	Political representation
	Protest
	Non-violent
Native Americans:
	Refusal to assimilate
	Lack of reform
	Reservations

3.)
An activist organization should be judged based on the criteria of effective reforms put into place after this organization's goals/formation, the methods (violence, non-violence, protest, boycotts), effort and number.

Section 2
1.)
Feminism: the belief that women should have economic, political, and social equality with men
Betty Friedan: an author who published The Feminine Mystique
National Organization for Women: NOW, an organization created to pursue women's goals
Gloria Steinem: a journalist who helped found the National Women's Political Caucus
Equal Rights Amemndment: an amendment that would have guarenteed to all women stating that rights under law shall not be denied nor abridged on any account of sex
Phyllis Schlafly: a prominent ERA opponent
New Right: the coalition of social conservatives

2.)
1963:
	Women are paid less
	Feminine Mystique is published
1964-1970:
	Civil Rights Act of 1964
	NOW formed
	NY Radical Women staged a demonstration
1970-1973:
	Ban on gender discrimmination
	ERA wins congress
	Women win right to an abortion
	New Right

3.)
If the Equal Rights Amendment had been ratified, at first there mostly would have been many court cases and issues in which this law was argued, where women would sue a company for paying them less than other men doing the same issue. The legal support would have to be completely equal and groups opposing the amendment would attempt desperately to find loopholes most likely, or flatly would refuse and go against it.

Section 3
1.)
Counterculture: a movement of people that challenged in place systems, and turned their backs on America for love/peace
Haight-Ashburry District: a place a lot of hippies went to
The Beatles: very popular band that promoted rock and roll music into mainstream America, was British
Woodstock: Huge peaceful music movement and event, over 400,00

2.)
Counterculture:
	Beliefs:
		Love, peace
		Music
		Anti-system
		Rock'n'roll
		Color
		LSD
		Weed
		Meeting together
		Religion
	Lifestyle:
		Love, peace, music, 
		getting high, 
		care for others, 
		living with other similar, 
		own rules/system
	Impact on Society:
		Bit of a scare at first, 
		later led to violence/poverty, 
		negative views of hippies, 
		worry about countries morals

3.)
Each event eventually came to symbolize a change in what people enjoyed and sought in their music, along with acceptance. Woodstock became a huge festival, for people of similar beliefs to come and participate with others in a giant party, and the Rolling Stone concert was extremely unfortunate. But these results most likely fed opponents of these new movements ideas/importance for opposing these growing trends.